# Warehouse Database System 

Purpose: design and implement an object-oriented database system that tracks activities for a small warehouse.

1. Tracking clients. Note that deletion is not required. The ID for clients must be generated
by the system. Clients added one at a time; each client has to provide a name and address

2. Tracking products. Note that deletion is not required. The ID for products must be
generated by the system. Allow for adding multiple products simultaneously; product
added with a name, amount in stock, and a sale price.

3. Keeping track of customer transactions. Whenever there is a transaction involving a customer,
the system keeps a record. Each transaction has just a date, a descriptive string and a number
(for a dollar amount).

4. Keeping track of customer’s wishlist. A client should be able to specify a product and an
associated quantity that they plan to purchase in the near future; the system will keep track
of all this information.

5. Process a client’s order (i.e. procced to check-out). When a client requests to process their
order, the system goes over the client’s wishlist and asks if each of the items should be ordered,
and a quantity for each. Whenever the client answers yes, the product and quantity are added
to the order and the product is removed from the clients wishlist. Next it asks if the client
wants to add any more products (with quantities) and adds them to the order. Then the
system creates an invoice that shows all the products and quantities that can be shipped at
that time. The items that cannot be shipped are wait-listed. The total amount due (total
cost of all products being shipped) is debited to the Clients’ account.

6. Generate Invoices. An invoice consists of a set of products with associated quantities and
sale prices, and a total cost. Invoices result when customer orders are processed, or when
wait-listed items become available.

7. Accept payment from a client. The amount is credited to the customer’s account. Note that
a client order can be processed and shipped before the payment has been made. In other
words, placing and processing the orders is independent of the payment process.

8. Accept a shipment for a product. Shipment details specify a productid and quantity. Waitlisted
orders must be filled first, before amount in stock is updated.

9. Queries to be processed. The following queries must be handled:
    
  • List all transactions for a specified client.
  • List all clients who have an outstanding balance.
  • List all products, quantity in stock, and total quantity of outstanding(waitlisted) orders.
  • Any other additonal queries.
